When I talk about how I went from zero to hero in the space of a week, this is the book that made that possible. It's a super easy read, and, for seven days, I only put it down to go to work. You can do things like that when you're single. N-E-WAY!

plotly/altair/bokeh + plotly-dash/streamlit

Create hyperperameter tuning lecture.

https://discord.gg/enfDGUH


DS Learning Path Bundle link: https://mymsu.thinkific.com/enroll/602437?price_id=637141



Add more examples to making decisions
Integrate coding challenges from code wars
In lesson 20 example one, explain more about breaking down URIs. Actually make a whole example that is just that.cross platform code.
In database set up, add instructions on creating the Proxy Account.
Create database installation instructions. Create an adventure works DSN improve section VIII overall.
Improve the code wars page in the preflight
In lesson 15 give an example of how you would ahve to write somthign out without namespaces.
Either rename lesson 9 or lesson 13 so they are consitant.
Rename lesson 16 file name.
Line numbers in lesson 16 don't show in html.
Put colons in all examples
In lesson 17, write an explanation of how to make an anamous function with lamba.
move the banner images to their respective files and update the social share meta tags

When you write code, you will notice that you are throwing a lot of errors espeically if you are new.
In the prefight section, change anchor tags so they all open in a new tab.
Add actual instructions to creating a DSN instead of links.

Object Oriented Programming 101
In data types talk about how everything is an object. Object = Data Type = Class

update temporary tables to reflect the fact that temp tables are the key to high perfomrance ETL
Add to SCD II load for temporal tables

T-SQL launch check list.

move the banner images to their respective files and update the social share meta tags



Remove the word tutorial and replace with book


Lower case words in titles are usually Python reserved words and not typos.
Don't convert numbers to words if we're talking about math. You may not see an actual equation. 
Watch for deliberate misspellings that might acutally be pop culture references. E.g. the phrase "for reasons".
Also, I'm starting to use slang and local color quite a bit more.


In both the TSQL and Python tutorial, create a supplimentary information section and link the SSIS blog post and why you need a framework.



Do we need to get rid of CR LF when we load data with BULK INSERT?

Working 90s hours a week literally doing the work of 5 people.

Python test script in IAG instructions.

How to make your own job
1. The hard way - freelancing
2. The easy way - have a job and demonstrate ability outside of your role.


Generators are wild yo! This is another method to write functional code in Python. These are a bit much 
